README.rst, before:

==============================================================
TemplateCodeFiles
==============================================================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Template (skeleton) files for source code in a variety of programming languages.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Author: gbmhunter <gbmhunter@gmail.com> (http://www.cladlab.com)
- Created: 2014/07/17
- Last Modified: 2014/07/30
- Version: v1.1.1.0
- Company: CladLabs
- Project: n/a
- Language: C, C++
- Compiler: n/a
- uC Model: n/a
- Computer Architecture: n/a
- Operating System: n/a
- Documentation Format: Doxygen
- License: GPLv3

.. role:: bash(code)
	:language: bash

Description
===========

// Nothing here yet
	
FAQ
===

// Nothing here yet


Changelog
=========

========= ========== ===================================================================================================
Version   Date       Comment
========= ========== ===================================================================================================
v1.1.1.0  2014/07/30 First commit of two to fix file case errors with git.
v1.1.0.0  2014/07/30 Changed project name to from 'template-code-files' to 'TemplateCodeFiles' to follow project naming conventions, closes #5. Capitilised first letter of code files to follow conventions, closes #4. Fixed C++ template files, closes #1. Changed 'File-Scope Typedef's' in Template.h to 'Public Typedef's', closes #2. Fixed 'File-Scope Declarations/Definitions' headings in .c file, closes #3.
v1.0.0.0  2014/07/17 Initial commit. Code template files for C added. C++ template files added but need fixing.
========= ========== ===================================================================================================

Commit message:

Second commit of two to fix file case errors with git.

README.rst, after:

==============================================================
TemplateCodeFiles
==============================================================

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Template (skeleton) files for source code in a variety of programming languages.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Author: gbmhunter <gbmhunter@gmail.com> (http://www.cladlab.com)
- Created: 2014/07/17
- Last Modified: 2014/07/30
- Version: v1.1.2.0
- Company: CladLabs
- Project: n/a
- Language: C, C++
- Compiler: n/a
- uC Model: n/a
- Computer Architecture: n/a
- Operating System: n/a
- Documentation Format: Doxygen
- License: GPLv3

.. role:: bash(code)
	:language: bash

Description
===========

// Nothing here yet
	
FAQ
===

// Nothing here yet


Changelog
=========

========= ========== ===================================================================================================
Version   Date       Comment
========= ========== ===================================================================================================
v1.1.2.0  2014/07/30 Second commit of two to fix file case errors with git.
v1.1.1.0  2014/07/30 First commit of two to fix file case errors with git.
v1.1.0.0  2014/07/30 Changed project name to from 'template-code-files' to 'TemplateCodeFiles' to follow project naming conventions, closes #5. Capitilised first letter of code files to follow conventions, closes #4. Fixed C++ template files, closes #1. Changed 'File-Scope Typedef's' in Template.h to 'Public Typedef's', closes #2. Fixed 'File-Scope Declarations/Definitions' headings in .c file, closes #3.
v1.0.0.0  2014/07/17 Initial commit. Code template files for C added. C++ template files added but need fixing.
========= ========== ===================================================================================================
